Iterating on contribution guidelines for log integrations (#22122)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/developers/integrations/log_integration.md

4. In the **Group** field, enter the name and a description of the new group, and select **New group**.
5. Click **Update**.

**Guidelines**

> - Before creating a new facet for an integration, review if the attribute should be remapped to a [standard attribute](6) instead. Facets for standard attributes will be added automatically by Datadog when the log pipeline is published.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Before creating a new facet for an integration, review if the attribute should be remapped to a [standard attribute][6] instead. Facets for standard attributes are added automatically by Datadog when the log pipeline is published.
```

Author: @aliciascott  `[standard attribute][6]` would break the link, not sure if it's intentional

Reviewer: Hi @LucasC , that is correct, links have to be noted with `[name of link][number not used yet] with the link at the bottom of the page like :

[number not used yet]: the link to the standard attribute page

See: https://datadoghq.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/docs4docs/pages/1182958054/Markdown#Links

Right now when I check out the branch locally, it 404's going to that link. Hope that helps !

Author: Duh, I was confused with the markdown syntax for direct links. Updated!

- Not all attributes are meant to be used as a facet. Non-faceted attributes are still searchable. The need for facets in integrations is focused on three things:

> 1. Facets that are measures allow for associated units with an attribute. For example an attribute “response_time” could have a unit of “ms” or “s”. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Facets that are measures allow for associated units with an attribute. For example an attribute "response_time" could have a unit of "ms" or "s". 
```

> 2. Facets allow for an easy filter interface for a log. Each facet will be listed under the group heading and usable for filtering

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. Facets provide a straightforward filtering interface for logs. Each facet is listed under the group heading and usable for filtering.
```
